h3. 0.9.0 2011-21-12

* Readme improvements
* removed Solr as a requirement
* remove memcached as a requirement
* ability to add memcached and Solr easily
* UI improvements in the Admin area
* various bugs
* quick setup for evaluation

h3. 0.9.0rc1 2011-11-12

* CHANGED admin cart to look like the regular cart
* bugs in checkout process
* starting to remove formtastic

h3. 0.8.0 2011-11-02

* Better shipments and fulfillment UI
* remove unused code/views
* upgrade to rails 3.1
* upgrade most gems to the current versions

h3. 0.7.0 2011-07-30

* Inventory is now its own model...  TODO move inventory methods to the correct model(from variants)

h3. 0.6.1 2011-05-10

* description_markup is required for tests to pass (validates presence)

h3. 0.6.0 2011-05-09

* Description of products use bluecloth so you can easily create HTML.
* bug fix in shipping zones
* upgrade jQuery and rails
* change users to active
* password field showed password fixed bug

h3. 0.5.0 2011-04-04

* Smarter error messages
* switch to dalli for memcached
* more validations(length of strings) and indexing
* Product types are a nested_set
* Add footer
* Clean up Gemfile
* Coupons have an admin UI and a front end option to connect to the checkout.
* Date parsing works like ruby 1.8.7
* code clean up

h3. 0.4.0 2011-01-22

* Store Credits can be use to purchase items
* UI improvements
* Much better Cart
* View products by product_type

h3. 0.3.0 2010-12-30

* YARD docs complete
* admin grid pagination fix

h3. 0.2.0 2010-12-26

* more YARD docs
* completed admin_grid tests
* better looking home page
* no_image has many sizes now

h3. 00.01.04 2010-12-19

* added YARD docs
* bug fixed for selecting countries that are available
* Add spain as a country
* Add contributors page
* birthdate needs to parse US-date
* use only taxrates for available countries
* better look an feel on the header

h3. 00.01.03 2010-12-01

* able to print a basic invoice for an order
* installed prawnto

h3. 00.01.02 2010-11-21

* able to add countries specific states
* tax rates can be configured per the country of choice
* custom version of nifty generators
* bug fixes for bad pages to add admin forms
* bug fix - welcome page blows up if there aren't any products

h3. 00.01.01 2010-11-12

* connected Purchase Order to double entry accounting system
* fixed bugs with editing purchase order screen was a blank screen

h3. 0.1.0 2010-11-12

* Initial version.  This public repo had not been tag with a version yet.  Required for logistics.