h1. Project Overview

Please create a ticket if on github you have issues.  They will be addressed ASAP.

"Please look at the homepage for more details: www.ror-e.com":http://www.ror-e.com

This is a Rails e-commerce platform.  Other e-commerce projects that
use rails, don't use rails in a standard way.  They use engines or are a separate
framework altogether.

ROR ecommerce is a *Rails 3 application* with the intent to allow developers to create
an ecommerce solution easily.  This solution includes, an Admin for  *Purchase Orders*,
*Product creation*, *Shipments*, *Fulfillment* and *creating Orders*.  There is a minimal
customer facing shopping cart understanding that this will be customized.  The cart allows
you to track your customers *cart history* and includes a *double entry accounting system*.

The project has *solr searching*, *compass* and *blueprint for CSS* and uses *jQuery*.
The gem list is quite large and the project still has a large wish list but it is the most
complete solution for Rails today and it will only get better.

Please use *Ruby 1.9.2* and enjoy *Rails 3.0*.

ROR_ecommerce is designed differently.  If you understand Rails you will understand ROR_ecommerce.
There is nothing in this project that you wouldn't see in a normal Rails application.  If you don't like
what is in the project just change it like you would in any other Rails app.

Contributors are welcome.  For now email David Henner (*drhenner@yahoo.com*) to see how you
can contribute. (send your patch if you have one.)  Soon there will be a bug tracking
system and a formal way to submit your patch.

We will always need help with UI, Documentation and code so feel free to help.

h2. Getting Started

We have a google group.  Ask question and help answer questions.
"ror_ecommerce Google-group":http://groups.google.com/group/ror_ecommerce

install rvm with ruby 1.9.2 or if you have 1.9.2 on your system you're good to go. Please refer to the "rvm":http://beginrescueend.com/rvm/basics/ and "bundler":http://gembundler.com home pages for more details.

Configure your database.yml file (add the development and test database)

*# Go into config/config.yml and change the encryption_key

bq.  aes = OpenSSL::Cipher::Cipher.new('AES-256-CBC')
  set_encryption_key_to = aes.random_iv

*# gem install bundler
*# bundle install
*# rake db:create
*# rake db:migrate
*# rake db:seed
*# rake db:test:prepare

######compass install

Install memcached, this is easiest to do with "homebrew":http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/ and :

bc. brew install memcached

bc. brew install solr

p. Time to start solr and memcache(yep you better install them)
rake sunspot:solr:start

If you decide not to use solr, go into product.rb and delete the following

bc. searchable do
  text    :name, :default_boost => 2
  text      :product_keywords#, :multiple => true
  text      :description
  time      :deleted_at
end

bq. Take a look at setting up solr
    "Solr in 5 minutes":http://github.com/outoftime/sunspot/wiki/adding-sunspot-search-to-rails-in-5-minutes-or-less

bq. memcached -vv  ## you can config many other cache stores but
                ## the cookie store will not work (in the admin) and the DB session store will be a dog

Need to create config/config.yml and change the encryption key and paypal or auth.net information.
You can also change config/config.yml.example to config/config.yml until you get your real info.

Paperclip will throw errors if not configured correctly.
you will need to find out where the Imagemagick program is installed
type "which identify" in the terminal and set Paperclip.options[:command_path] equal
to that path in environment.rb: Examples:
Paperclip.options[:command_path] = "/usr/local/bin"
into:
Paperclip.options[:command_path] = "/usr/bin"

If you get the following error:
Errno::ECONNREFUSED (Connection refused - connect(2)):
when you try to create a product or upload an image you have not started solr search.
remember you need to run "rake sunspot:solr:start" or remove solr/search

Once everything is setup, start up the server with 'rails server' and direct it to
*localhost:3000/admin/overviews*

write down the username/password and follow the directions.

h2. TODOs:

* product sales (eg. 20% off)

h2. Author

RoR Ecommerce was written by David Henner with contributions from:

* Oren Golan
* Yury Velikanau

h2. FYI:

Shipping categories are categories based off price:

you might have two shipping categories (light items) & (heavy items)
Have fun!!!

